Getting 5 hours of sleep and waking up at 5:30 wasn't really what I was planning on today, but I'm glad it happened so I could chat with you before you went to work.  Although, you did give me a craving for some iced coffee so rip me.  That's okay, I have some arnold palmer cooling down in the freezer that will be my best friend today.  All the meals you shared with me looked fucking amazing.  I have such a hard time expressing myself in person but I am constantly impressed/awed by you.  Raw oatmeal is where it's at.  Quaker's brown sugar and cinnamon man, used to live off of that as a kid.

My package is out for delivery so I'm hoping I'll have an excuse to stop by work before you leave today and give the thing to you.  I don't know if it'll end up working well or not, but I hope it does and that we both can find some use for it.  There's four to the pack I ordered so we're both getting two.  I'm exhausted so I might just go back to bed, but alternatively I could just play farming simulator.  I feel like such a weird fucking person.  I present myself as a hardass but I'm a fucking softie, I tell people about my nerdy shit but I'm an athlete and a redneck to an extent.  I find so many things interesting and I like to explore.  I'm always down to try anything and I love to learn, and I imagine this extremely large circle around me containing so many interests that aren't usually associated with each other.  For example, Overwatch is my main game and it's a competitive PvP fps, but then I'll turn right around and vibe tending to a virtual farm or driving trucks in Truck Simulator.

There's so much weird shit to me that I don't even understand.  It's nice though, to be able to relate to people because I'm not stuck in a box or stuck in my ways and I'm just a curious person really.  Most of my knowledge about anything is self-taught, even the nine years I've spent programming has been predominently my own motivation and countless hours slaving away into my own research.  My musical side is almost all self-taught, but I did take piano and guitar lessons when I was a little kid so that really just helps me be able to write faster because I know chords and techniques and a little theory and whatnot.